Fix json serialization (#68)
yiisoft/var-dumper: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.2.1 under development

> - Enh #64: Add `asJson()` method to `\Yiisoft\VarDumper\VarDumper` (@dood-)
> - Enh #68: Fix json serialization (@xepozz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #64, 68: Add `VarDumper::asJson()` method that provide exporting value as JSON string (@dood-, @xepozz)
```
